ext4magic 0.3.2		some minor bugs fixed
			support for matlab5 files in magic-function
			interface for furter use of a privat magic pattern file 
				(see http://ext4magic.sourceforge.net/magic-pattern-interface.html)
                        ext4magic is moved to http://sourceforge.net/projects/ext4magic/
 

ext4magic 0.3.1		new : support for ecryptfs by Magic-function


ext4magic 0.3.0		switch to BETA status
			Some minor bugs been fixed. compiler warnings eliminated
			English documentation translation is started
			http://openfacts2.berlios.de/wikien/index.php/BerliosProject:Ext4magic


ext4magic 0.3.0 pv2	A new recover sub-step. Inode found in partially overwritten areas of the
			journal can now also recovers. It is impossible to identify the inode number,
			the file name and the time of deletion. These files are also restored to the
			MAGIC-2 directory.
			ext4magic can now also be compiled with libext2fs-1.42.x  
			but ext4 file systems >= 16 TByte do not work.
			Some errors in file system > 8 TByte fixed.



ext4magic 0.3.0 pv1	New features for restoring Gimp images, many of document formats and
			enhancements to recover text-based files.


ext4magic 0.3.0 pv0	Contains the first experimental version of the magic function for ext4
			The magic function for ext4 can restore deleted files which
			consisted of more than 4 extents (includes extra large and sparse files)
			and files that are unfragmented. (most small and medium-sized files
			and many large files, are often unfragmented)

			This version can not recover files with 2 to 4 extents. But it's prepared and
			will be possible in later versions for some file types.

			Depending of the file type, different methods for recovery are used.
			For most file types specific functions have been developed. 

			Supported the most important file formats for:
			file archivs, compressed files, a lot off video-, audio- and picture formats,
			ELF-binary format, Mail, PDF, a lot of text-based file formats, and much more.
			
			Tested are more than 50 file formats and if available, also possible
			variants and subtypes. 
			Possible, this version will work well for you, possible, it does not work.
			This version includes a lot of new and experimental code.

			The magic-function for ext3 is switched off in this version. For ext3 use
			ext4magic 0.2.3




ext4magic 0.2.3		This version is separated from the main development branch.
			Version 0.2.3 contains the old version of Magic function only for ext3
			with some new features and bug fixes.



ext4magic 0.2.2
			Expansion of the Expert-Mode.
			With the new "-D" option it is possible to recover data from severely damaged file systems.
			For example: the file system has been partially overwritten. But large parts of the file
			system are not destroyed. 
			
			improved evaluation of directory data blocks eliminate some errors in directories with HTREE
			thus, a better file name resolution and fewer files with incorrect names.


ext4magic 0.2.1         Optional Expert-Mode with the following new options "-s blocksize" ; "-n blockcount" ; "-c"
			This makes it possible to open front corrupted file systems.

			Modified flow control allows automatic a recover-all ("-r" or "-R" on the entire file system) 
			This enables the restore of deleted inode even if the directory inode is not found in journal.
			The function uses the first two stages of the magic functions (ext3/ext4)


ext4magic 0.2.0		The Magic features for ext3 are complete.		
			Support for most files types of a typical Linux system and lots of multimedia files.
			
			

ext4magic 0.2.0 pv2	The magic functions have been adjusted for libmagic (file-5.04)
			Many bugs have been fixed and added support for many file types



ext4magic 0.2.0 pv0	First test version of ext3 magic-scan-functions. This is a novel multi-stage recovery.
			There are several recover methods used in succession. All functions use journal entries.
			Furthermore, the library libmagic and coded file properties are implemented.
			This automatic functions are specifically designed to recover deleted files immediate 
			after a recursiv delete command.
 
			For this purpose two new options are available.
			"-M"  if the entire file system is deleted
			"-m"  if only parts of the file system is deleted



ext4magic 0.1.4		Support for user-modifiable file attributes.
			ext4magic can now restore the ext2/3/4 File attributes.
			It is disabled by default. To activate, you must add the option --enable-file-attr
			when running configure.



ext4magic 0.1.3 	there is now a german documentation 
			http://openfacts2.berlios.de/wikide/index.php/BerliosProject:Ext4magic

			We start with the BETA testing and try to find some german users for the
			tests of general use, the elementary functions and the documentation.
			The aim is to check the stability and to optimize the german documentation
			for a translation.
				
